yo what's going on guys this is the 4th
gen game here bring you guys some more
news for pokemon omega ruby and alpha
sapphire now today we have kind of a big
clusterfuck of news and I was kind of
debating do I make one video do I make
multiple videos I was like you know what
I'm gonna make a video with the bunch of
news in it I'm not gonna do multiple
videos I'm just gonna do one video with
everything in it so with that being said
I'll jump right into the news and stop
rambling because we have hoopa which we
kind of had officially confirmed a few
days ago I put a video up on my own
channel and it was just some coro coro
scans now we have the official trailer
for just some gameplay it mentions that
what's like the first ghost psychic type
that's really bad it has no information
about an event or anything like that
that's why I want to make a video just
on hoopoe cuz it's really just a trailer
it's just a trailer with some gameplay
and that's that pretty much so hoopla is
now I guess official official because
before was kind of official with the
coro coro scans it was even like
official before that because you know we
knew about it because in the game code
but um anyway now it's really official
Nintendo has their little trailer out on
the Pokemon channel and that's cool so
anyway we also have some bigger news I
guess you could say somewhere we didn't
know about pokemon shuffle this game
kind of noise me a little bit I'm not
gonna lie pretty much it's just like
battle tros if you don't know what
battle drodze is is another side game
and the Pokemon series from six Jets not
like they're remaking an old side game
it's the same idea it's really almost
identical I'm looking at it it's really
almost the same exact thing it's just
some small differences besides small
graphical changes I mean small graphical
changes you can have like a party you
can use mega evolution it's really not
that much different it's the same exact
concept it really is the same exact
concept it's the same thing and you get
it for free however there are micro
transactions I guess it's the official
term for it aka in-game purchases so you
can get this game for free however if
you die if to wait 10 minutes i believe
it is yes 10 minutes until you can play
again if you lose but you can pay if you
want to go again if you want to you know
speed it up or whatever and that to me
is kind of just terrible
it's it's a bad direction to go on for
Nintendo because they've always kind of
steered away from that as far as I know
I've never really had problems with that
but now i just bought battled rosette
for seven dollars which is not a lot but
regardless i just bought that game it's
very similar if anything has less
features it's less than pokemon shuffle
pokemon shelf of the new game has more
features in you can get it for free and
then if you want to continue playing you
can't buy the game i don't i don't think
that you can buy the game as far as i
know and as far as we all know as of the
recording this video you can only buy
more plays you can't just buy the game
outright you can't just there's no
here's for free and then if you want to
play more you can spend a little more
money or you aside from that you can
just buy the game 15 bucks or ten
dollars or seven dollars there's no
option like usually in the app store for
like Apple you have either like the free
version or the full version I don't
think there's a full version they
haven't announced it it's free to play
with payments included there is no full
version you can't just pay all right I'm
going to spend ten dollars so i don't
have to deal with any of this
that's why they have on the app store
for Apple devices like you know there's
I can't even take an example right now
but you have your applications that are
you know free and you have ads on it and
there's limited gameplay on and then you
have you know a three-dollar version of
it that does not it doesn't have any of
that because you you bought the app out
right and that's what it should be here
and then the people that bought Rosie
for seven dollars and meanwhile has
allows features it's like what why
that's so stupid it's the same thing
like I don't get it it's really really
stupid it's kind of annoying for some of
that bought battle drodze but what are
you gonna do about it there's really not
a lot that you can do it's really just
identical it's the same thing just with
a couple more features and you think
that battle tros i should have more
features because that's that's the game
that you paid for that's a game that you
have to buy so it should have more
features why makes no sense to me it
really makes no sense let me know what
you guys think about that in the
comments section below but why I like
what the but it's a little annoying
not gonna lie honestly the right
decision I would say if they're even
gonna make this game which that cuz
battled Rosie is very similar
it if I were them what i would do is
make a ten-dollar version of it where
you don't have to pay to play more every
10 minutes if you lose given you can win
and keep playing but guess what now
those people they get to place game for
free nights pay seven dollars for belt
Rosie a game that has less features why
that's all i have to say maybe there's
more information I don't know about that
i'm looking around and i don't see
anything else I don't even know so
anyway there are a couple other small
small things we have the the 3ds the
faceplates ground and Kyogre those are
going to be coming out soon in Europe
for the new Nintendo 3ds on februari
13th and I don't think that they're
coming out in the United States though
that kind of just that sucks but if
you're in Europe I guess good for you
you got to wait an extra week for the
game I guess you get a little extra
incentive so yeah that's pretty much
that there's also going to be a Pokemon
on me special service the Nintendo a me
channel I don't know how that works
exactly but that's supposed to also
launched in Europe februari 13th the
same day and I don't know exactly how
that would work but it's all I know is
that there's a Nintendo amiche oh it's
going to come out honestly the news for
Pokemon today was very disappointing of
I mean base plates in Japan freaking
Europe but no United States maybe maybe
I miss I'm missing something you guys
call me know but I don't see they
mentioned Europe but they don't mention
the United States you have a Nintendo a
me channel going to Europe like what
does that even mean why should I care
about it you have a new game that's
coming out that is going to have
microtransactions bad no not good kinda
like that and then Hoople was revealed i
guess for like the fifth time because we
knew about it a long time ago and then
we have the coro coro scans it's really
nothing new I'm trying to be as positive
as I can but what should I be happy
about the new game I paid pretty much
seven dollars for that now other people
get for free for West features like what
like I've less features what that makes
no sense but anyway hopefully guys enjoy
the video if you did hit that like
button and subscribe to 4th gen gamer my
link is down below and I'll see you guys
in the next vid
yo sorry I'm usually not this negative
just dammit Nintendo dammit gamefreak
dammit Pokemon would have a company I
should blame ya see ya